Since my mother is not dead
And I'm going to show you.
What is jindan revival
Where is the old gentleman
What's going on here?
Immortals are really immortals
Lao Jun
Am I not dreaming?
I have an elixir in heaven and earth
She can live forever
invulnerable to all diseases
What eggs?
I think it's melisol
I might have eggs
You'll soon find out if this is an elixir
Lao Jun, use it now
Ah, this is impossible
How could this old thing still be alive?
Wasn't that an illusion?
A gentleman has a lord
That's impossible.
How is mom
Chen'er
You're finally back.
This is the woman.
He sent someone to beat me
And cover me to death here
It's really you, Elin
What else is there to say now?
How is that possible?
You must have taken everything to bully me, right?
This old thing is clearly talking nonsense.
What's wrong, Li Lin?
People are doing it and the sky is watching
God and everyone are angry at what you do
I said even if I could bear it
Swift Erlang God will not let go
Uh-huh.
I read that right?
Ju really can't kill anyone
Angel descends
Is it difficult for you and I to be
It's really going to be a disaster
I, I, I was wrong. I was wrong.
Qiao Erlang really let me go
Jiro sincerely forgives
We didn't mean to
Please be sincere